Let's revisit the previous exercise and see what it might
look like to take advantage of Avro complex types.
Return to our workspace,
I've now opened the third sample.
We're going to see that we've got our purchase type which we've seen before,
and we've added this new field called line items which is a list of type line item.
Line item is defined up here as another data class and it
contains a description string and are mount integer.
Now we need to update our Avro schema to include this information.
So returning to our schema definition,
let's add the line items type.
So the first thing we're going to do,
is add an entry into the fields section.
We're going to give it a name of line items,
and a type of a complex type.
Why is it a complex type?
Well, it's an array and we have to define what the array looks like.
So we're going to have a type of array,
and then we're going to have fields in that type array.
So we're going to have our items.
Now again, if we look back at line item,
line item is itself an object.
So it's actually going to be a record.
So our items are going to be yet another nested object.
Just type the name is going to be line item,
and the type is going to be record.
Then we're going to have two fields.
So the first field is going to have type,
and it's going to be int and the name is going to be amount.
Then we're going to have a second field of type string,
and the name is going to be description.
So as we can see just to recap,
we've added a new field to the top level record of purchase.
So this is the field of the purchase type.
We added a dictionary that includes
the name line items with an array type contained within.
The items in the array are line items of
type record and each line item includes an amount and a description.
So we're going to save this.
Then we're going to go ahead and run this program.
Similar to the last example,
the program will simply run.
If you're interested in seeing the output,
you can use the Kafka conflict consumer to go ahead and
connect to your topic and see what it looks like in your exercise.